CLOUDP-97851: Rename command serverlessCluster to serverless (#789)
mongodb/mongocli: docs/command/mongocli-atlas-serverless.txt

.. _mongocli-atlas-serverless:

=========================
mongocli atlas serverless
=========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> Manage serverless clusters for your project.

Reviewer: based on our thread about this rename this should be instances
```suggestion
Manage serverless instances for your project.
```

> The serverless command provides access to your serverless cluster configurations. You can create, edit, and delete serverless clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serverless command provides access to your serverless instance configurations. You can create, edit, and delete serverless instances.
```

> The serverlessClusters command provides access to your serverless cluster configurations. You can create, edit, and delete serverless clusters.

Reviewer: 👀
